at a distance of 1200 meters a loop
last manikin framing
and assist the rider the personnel of the
starting apparatus is squaring
all the state
1200 meters and last of the sixth program
valid for 5 and 6 national
there are already two days in the
last long competition couples by
the inner part jumps violet and now
quickly quotes to take the first
place with your second forward is
running my valentona to the afternoon is
Advanced blackjack passes the second theme
against the toe in the Andalusian room
discolored by the outside of the
fifth place is running forward and
my tacarigua is also advancing
these run row appointment with the copy
my things then is moving forward
inside violet with the example new
york queens and in the penultimate place
peach txiki remains the neighborhood
eliminated the environment one more ring of
100 meters that the peloton opens at 23
seconds and a fifth working at
blackjack attacks heat leader and villa
not mine runs third meanwhile
that's why grandma and na begin and also
is advancing my tacarigua other times
in oventic a ture when he dines in the
last curve dominating the quiaca against
gaël right attacks through the center of the
court
the exemplary villanueva via I tell you
for the fourth place in the center
faded folding blackjack continues to
Colorful ibex to a length in a half of
the straight meanwhile is charging me
Violet runs a lot for the part
inside the track for those
positions were discarded
and you can not lose in four days with
five long second exit of each
line third violet fourth in this
kariwa fifth grandmother and the after my
valentona with fine ink miguel queen
more behind the specimen is virgin or
Mary and the last sunsets are for
occupy a point even if it were career
peach chic and in last place
victory for the 4 black jack
the great idea of ​​5 and 6 according to the
typical anteroom of the nh 20 points more or
thousand points
excellent information blackjack number 4
who wins the victory
that's why you have to tune in early and nh
television to be well informed
informed early in the anteroom 4 14 1
11 10 the unconfirmed order of arrival
of this competition with 4 blackjack
on the top of the board both bands
get to save 4 14
Blackjack driven by Gaul
presented by Freddy Petit in the
first place of the partials of the
competition are the following
23 1 and 47 4 for 400 and 800 meters
they completed the 1200 meters in a minute
12 seconds and four fifths 112 4 for
1200 meters with 25 seconds finish
stuck in the last room
72 4 for 6 curry outrage in which the
time has arranged for black jak number
420 in the last competition that
they have the number 11 the moment of the
heading to the work chamber that
Market Stall
that is my tacarigua
the game was even and the test was
developed with 4 blackjack forward and
ali carolina on the side from the 600
final meters see you at 4
blackjack milan freddy petit
insisted the copy to leader Caroline the
third ran villanova mania with my
tacarigua and in the background in the eighth
advanced place to the violet screw that
had a tremendous final shot for
finish in third place the daughter of
march to whom his first production there
is with approximately five laps
law of charge and violet the chiquitita
tordilla almost takes away the escort in
last meters had setbacks so
there is future for this left in male there
who very happy his breeder acting
there in aragua there is the winner
our quality solvency left 72 4
at 1200 meters the winner of the last
valid for 5 and 6
the programming concludes
with victory for black and since
we remember the winners in the day
valid for 5 and 6 are the races
valid for 5 and 6 national in the
first answered great honor the number 1
the second the won lions ask for 6 in the
third responded artempus the number 8
in the fourth Pedro Rodrigo was imposed on
by ricardo d'angelo at the same meeting
goodspeed I have recipes we are talking about
the selective court and the teacher in the
week with span de las a los entre entre
20 live out blackjack and the nephew
second assault survive and in the last
they are going to draw the letters I donated
new to the table I am christian uahc in the
lara paying winners ninth power
triumph will be alvaro beaten final the
diet the brother of carlos regalado soto
Alejandro is taught to me for you
emilio half runner a great and peak there
is half a half corridor next to
Alejandro , Mr. Blackjack
by four and a half bodies like the great
line of rose rodríguez in the east
from the country
the photograph for the memory is
confirm the order of arrival once